scripts/COMPOSE-DEPLOY.md, before:

# CK-X Simulator Deployment Guide

This guide provides instructions for deploying the CK-X Simulator on different operating systems.

## Prerequisites

- Docker Desktop (Windows/Mac) or Docker Engine (Linux)
- 4GB RAM minimum (8GB recommended)
- 10GB free disk space
- Internet connection
- Port 30080 available

## Quick Install

### Linux & macOS

Open Terminal and run:

```bash
bash <(curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nishanb/CK-X/master/scripts/install.sh)
```

### Windows

Open PowerShell as Administrator and run:

```powershell
irm https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nishanb/CK-X/master/scripts/install.ps1 | iex
```

## Manual Installation

# By cloning the repository

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/nishanb/CK-X.git
   cd ck-x
   ```

2. Build and start the services using Docker Compose:
   ```bash
   docker compose up -d
   ```

### Via Script 

If you prefer to install manually or the quick install doesn't work:

1. Download the installation script:
   - Linux/macOS: [install.sh](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nishanb/CK-X/master/scripts/install.sh)
   - Windows: [install.ps1](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nishanb/CK-X/master/scripts/install.ps1)

2. Run the script:
   - Linux/macOS:
     ```bash
     chmod +x install.sh
     ./install.sh
     ```
   - Windows (in PowerShell as Administrator):
     ```powershell
     .\install.ps1
     ```

## Post-Installation

After successful installation, you can access CK-X Simulator at:
```
http://localhost:30080
```

## Managing CK-X Simulator

### Start Services
```bash
docker compose up -d
```

### Stop Services
```bash
docker compose down
```

### View Logs
```bash
docker compose logs -f
```

### Update
```bash
docker compose pull
docker compose up -d
```

## Troubleshooting

### Common Issues

1. **Port 30080 Already in Use**
   - Check what's using the port: 
     - Windows: `netstat -ano | findstr :30080`
     - Linux/Mac: `lsof -i :30080`
   - Stop the conflicting service or change the port in docker-compose.yml

2. **Docker Not Running**
   - Windows/Mac: Start Docker Desktop
   - Linux: `sudo systemctl start docker`

3. **Permission Issues**
   - Windows: Run PowerShell as Administrator
   - Linux: Add user to docker group or use sudo

4. **Services Not Starting**
   - Check logs: `docker compose logs -f`
   - Ensure sufficient system resources

### Getting Help

If you encounter issues:
1. Check the logs: `docker compose logs -f`
2. Visit our [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/nishanb/CK-X/issues)
3. Contact support with logs and system information

## Uninstallation

To completely remove CK-X Simulator:

```bash
# Stop and remove containers
docker compose down

# Remove downloaded files
cd ..
rm -rf ck-x-simulator
```

Commit message:

feat: fix quick install by switching from process substitution to pipe
The previous command used process substitution:
  bash <(curl -fsSL ...)

This can fail on some systems due to how /dev/fd handles file descriptors,
especially when using sudo. The new approach uses a pipe instead:
  curl -fsSL ... | sudo bash

This is more portable and avoids permission issues related to temp files.

scripts/COMPOSE-DEPLOY.md, after:

# CK-X Simulator Deployment Guide

This guide provides instructions for deploying the CK-X Simulator on different operating systems.

## Prerequisites

- Docker Desktop (Windows/Mac) or Docker Engine (Linux)
- 4GB RAM minimum (8GB recommended)
- 10GB free disk space
- Internet connection
- Port 30080 available

## Quick Install

### Linux & macOS

Open Terminal and run:

```bash
curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nishanb/CK-X/master/scripts/install.sh | bash
```

or, if the current user does not have the permission to run docker commands:

```bash
curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nishanb/CK-X/master/scripts/install.sh | sudo bash
```

### Windows

Open PowerShell as Administrator and run:

```powershell
irm https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nishanb/CK-X/master/scripts/install.ps1 | iex
```

## Manual Installation

# By cloning the repository

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/nishanb/CK-X.git
   cd ck-x
   ```

2. Build and start the services using Docker Compose:
   ```bash
   docker compose up -d
   ```

### Via Script 

If you prefer to install manually or the quick install doesn't work:

1. Download the installation script:
   - Linux/macOS: [install.sh](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nishanb/CK-X/master/scripts/install.sh)
   - Windows: [install.ps1](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nishanb/CK-X/master/scripts/install.ps1)

2. Run the script:
   - Linux/macOS:
     ```bash
     chmod +x install.sh
     ./install.sh
     ```
   - Windows (in PowerShell as Administrator):
     ```powershell
     .\install.ps1
     ```

## Post-Installation

After successful installation, you can access CK-X Simulator at:
```
http://localhost:30080
```

## Managing CK-X Simulator

### Start Services
```bash
docker compose up -d
```

### Stop Services
```bash
docker compose down
```

### View Logs
```bash
docker compose logs -f
```

### Update
```bash
docker compose pull
docker compose up -d
```

## Troubleshooting

### Common Issues

1. **Port 30080 Already in Use**
   - Check what's using the port: 
     - Windows: `netstat -ano | findstr :30080`
     - Linux/Mac: `lsof -i :30080`
   - Stop the conflicting service or change the port in docker-compose.yml

2. **Docker Not Running**
   - Windows/Mac: Start Docker Desktop
   - Linux: `sudo systemctl start docker`

3. **Permission Issues**
   - Windows: Run PowerShell as Administrator
   - Linux: Add user to docker group or use sudo

4. **Services Not Starting**
   - Check logs: `docker compose logs -f`
   - Ensure sufficient system resources

### Getting Help

If you encounter issues:
1. Check the logs: `docker compose logs -f`
2. Visit our [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/nishanb/CK-X/issues)
3. Contact support with logs and system information

## Uninstallation

To completely remove CK-X Simulator:

```bash
# Stop and remove containers
docker compose down

# Remove downloaded files
cd ..
rm -rf ck-x-simulator
```
